Length of sentence check fix (#13)
LORD-MicroStrain/ntrip_client: README.md

# ROS NTRIP Client

> Cloned from https://github.com/LORD-MicroStrain/ntrip_client with the addition of https://github.com/PaulBouchier/ntrip_client/tree/rtcm_msgs_support for rtcm_msgs/Message support. I am using it with https://github.com/KumarRobotics/ublox and a ZED-F9P on a raspberry pi 4 running ROS noetic.

Reviewer: This section should be removed before merge

Author: ```suggestion
Also compatible with https://github.com/KumarRobotics/ublox and  ZED-F9P 
```
